README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**E-wave112/E-wave112** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->


My name is [Emmanuel](https://esportfolio.netlify.app/) 

- A dedicated software engineer and Budding AI developer residing at lagos,Nigeria

- 🌱 I’m currently learning [Artificial Intelligence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence) and [Information Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_security)

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [Open source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source) software projects

- 💬 You can reach out to me on github about any [issues](https://github.com/E-wave112/E-wave112/issues)

-  📫 Hit me up on my various social media handles 🔭:
<!--
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/osagie-iyayi-a277b21ab/) https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/128/174/174857.png
-->
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osagie-iyayi-a277b21ab/">
  <img align="left" alt="My LinkedIn profile" width="21px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/128/174/174857.png" />
</a>

<a href="https://twitter.com/Ewave07">
  <img align="left" alt="My Twitter Account" width="21px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anuraghazra/anuraghazra/master/assets/twitter.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://wa.me/2347081927814">
  <img align="left" alt="My contact" width="21px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/124/124034.png" />
</a>

<br/>
<br/>

 NOTE: Top Languages does not indicate my skill level or anything like that, it's a GitHub metric of which languages have the most code on GitHub. It's a new feature of github-readme-stats.

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=E-wave112)](https://github.com/E-wave112/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

added my github gists link

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**E-wave112/E-wave112** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->


My name is [Emmanuel](https://esportfolio.netlify.app/) 

- A dedicated software engineer and Budding AI developer residing at lagos,Nigeria

- 🌱 I’m currently learning [Artificial Intelligence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence) and [Information Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_security)

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [Open source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source) software projects

- 💬 You can reach out to me on github about any [issues](https://github.com/E-wave112/E-wave112/issues) and you can also check out my gists [here](https://gist.github.com/mine)

-  📫 Hit me up on my various social media handles 🔭:
<!--
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/osagie-iyayi-a277b21ab/) https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/128/174/174857.png
-->
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osagie-iyayi-a277b21ab/">
  <img align="left" alt="My LinkedIn profile" width="21px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/128/174/174857.png" />
</a>

<a href="https://twitter.com/Ewave07">
  <img align="left" alt="My Twitter Account" width="21px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anuraghazra/anuraghazra/master/assets/twitter.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://wa.me/2347081927814">
  <img align="left" alt="My contact" width="21px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/124/124034.png" />
</a>

<br/>
<br/>

 NOTE: Top Languages does not indicate my skill level or anything like that, it's a GitHub metric of which languages have the most code on GitHub. It's a new feature of github-readme-stats.

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=E-wave112)](https://github.com/E-wave112/github-readme-stats)
